{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15340\viewh12020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Design Studio partner: Mandy Tam\
\
Overall She thinks it\'92s a great project and I have a well thought out design: informative, clean, and attractive.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\b \ul General Questions
\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\

\b Are the objectives interesting to the target audience?
\b0 \
Yes, interesting topic to a lay audience like herself (she said). For people with a keen interest in water consumption and cotton production, this is an engaging and interactive way for them to explore the data\
\

\b Is the scope of the project appropriate? If not, suggest improvements.\

\b0 Yes, she thinks it is appropriate\
\

\b Is the split between optional and must-have features appropriate? Why?
\b0 \
It makes sense to her. The optional time slider (and perhaps animation) would be very nice to this set of data. Among the optionals she thinks that\'92s the most useful one for this dataset.\
\

\b Is the visualization innovative? Creative? Why?
\b0 \
She likes my thoughts about using either raindrop vs pie vs stacked bar to compare blue vs green water. It is wonderful that I have the full scale test sketches for those. That makes it so much easier to picture what the final product would look like. She agrees with me that the raindrop is a cool idea but it\'92s more sugary then effective. She also agrees that either the bar/stacked bar is actually more effective. She also likes the icons under the country detail. \
\

\b Does the visualization scale to the used dataset? Could it handle larger but similar datasets?
\b0 \
She said it seems like it will be a robust design to handle similar datasets.\
\

\b \ul Visual Encoding
\b0 \ulnone \
\'a0\'a0\'a0\

\b Does the visualization follow the principles used in class?
\b0 \
Yeah, it is clean, no unnecessary elements\
\'a0\'a0\

\b What is the primary visual encoding? Does it match to the most important aspect of the data?
\b0 \
The choropleth map for the cotton data plus the pie/stacked bar for water data and ratio.\
\

\b What other visual variables are used? Are they effective?\
-
\b0 \
\

\b Is color sensibly used? If not, suggest improvements.
\b0 \
She thinks the color scheme is visually pleasing, makes sense (green for green water, blue for blue water). The 3 main color encodings (R, G, B) complement each other so they look like equal rather than having one stands out more than another.\
\

\b \ul Interaction and Animation
\b0 \ulnone \
\

\b Is the interaction meaningful? If not, suggest improvements.
\b0 \
The interactive time scale is great and \'adallows changes to be seen over time. The zoomed in detailed view is nicely designed. The type-in search bar is great in case someone doesn\'92t know exactly where a particular country is on the map.\
\'a0\

\b If multiple views, are they coordinated? If not, would it be\
meaningful?
\b0 \
- \
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\

\b Is there any animation planned? Is it clear? Is it intuitive?
\b0 \
Yes, She thinks it\'92s a wonderful idea. It is clear and intuitive.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 How Will I address the feedback in future revisions
\b0 \
There is no critic so nothing to address.\
I already implemented the optional feature of the time slider\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Briefly comment on the quality of the feedback you received
\b0 \
I was good to hear only positive things but I think there is always something to criticize. It\'92s always helpful to get positive feedback though.}